what's up YouTube here's a quick video
showing you guys what's on my galaxy s3
and the ROM that are running basically
and the name and all that stuff and what
launched remeron basically so let's get
into it before i get into a dorm rockin
0-11 seven thousand mile and battery all
right nice site extended battery so
let's get into the quick video
as you guys can see I got a themed out
red
right there % right then
you know Facebook you Instagram dialer
and G Plus Facebook slide to unlock
alright i'm running a nova launcher so
basically with that nova launcher it
allows you to do gestures and all that
stuff so if I slide it like that it does
that little cow self act like that let's
for instance open up an appt all right
now when I look watch when I close it it
does that slide that's light effect
which is a pretty cool and when you open
things up it does a slight effect at
that
that's pretty off
let me show you the theme that I'm
running here number in the blood-red fly
team carbon all right team carbon right
there I know a lot of guys we're asking
about a good themes though
little and row guy right there that's
pretty cool shout out the French scripts
check out his videos too but yeah it
basically has a little android i right
then which is pretty cool it's part of
the part of the theme and she like that
she recruit the building i'm gonna have
cm10 the phone it's for that you had to
tap on build about their way this is the
stable build of ten not one dot 3 i'm
cm10 double tap on that there we go
in this build is running a real nice
that's why I haven't went to for a
three-night trying to fallout 3 roms out
but they were pretty buggy so these are
the some of the apps that i have on the
phone you guys seen his glance of them
that say all of them but yeah i'm
nothing crazy
alright
so this is basically a quick video
showing you guys the rom from running
and showing around the phone a little
bit now next week sometime I got some
new accessories coming in I got some
cases coming in and a temperate glass
I'm gonna be putting that on doing a
little do on that so and then we'll get
into that next week should be in about
next week sometime but until then I'm
out guys peace